# Overview

Our project will be a website application that will allow users to find adoptable pets by searching a location/area of their choosing.The user will type in a zip code or address of the area they would like to search, and the results will display adoptable pets within a given range. A picture and small sample of information for multiple animals will be displayed on the search result page. Users will be able to click on the animal’s picture/name to be taken to that pets page (generated by API). This page will display a little more information about the animal, as well as contact info for the organization they are adoptable from. In addition, there will also be a map feature on this page showing the location of the pet’s organization, and the option to get directions to said organization.

User registration will not be required to use the app, however, there will be a login feature. Users that do opt to make an account will have the option to save pages of pets they like to refer back to. There will be a save/favorite button on each pet’s page. 


# Features 

Users can view adoptable pets in their area by simple location search.
Users will have the choice to make an account or not.
Users who make an account have the option to save animals they are interested in to a list for later reference.
Each pet’s page will have a Google maps feature (API) showing location of the animal/organization. Users will be able to find directions straight from the pet's page.
All information about the adoptable animals will come from PetFinder API.


# Technologies

Java
Javascript
Spring Boot
Thymeleaf Templates
Bootstrap
My SQL


